what's up people bring you guys on a
video so yeah if you guys don't know on
july 26 2014 in the madison square
garden the actual garden at that theater
the actual garden depth the big the big
room Gennady golovkin will be fighting
Daniel Gil HBO tune into each bill if
you want to see this flight and yeah
let's talk about who will win this fight
I actually made my prediction two years
ago back in 2012 I made my prediction on
this fight back in 2012 it's right here
on youtube just search it up and this is
actually this is just going to be my
second prediction on this fight and it
hasn't changed at all in the past two
years I'm still going with Gennady
golovkin I believe that he will beat
Daniel Gil I just believe Gennady
golovkin is the stronger fighter as was
the more technical fighter as well I
mean and style-wise I think it favors
Gennady golovkin more Daniel Gil I feel
like he he's best in the inside wait let
me double think that real quick why I
can't see him beating genetical afghan
that's what I'm that's what I'm trying
to say I can't see him being an article
oven even if Daniel Gil tries to boxing
this fight tries to fight from the
outside I think Gennady golovkin will
cut the ring off and stop him or knock
him out and if Daniel Gil decides to
slug it out with gagan article Afghan
doubt then more the Berrier that's just
going to favor Gennady golovkin more
it's going to allow connect another goal
of kin to hit Daniel Gil with heavy
punches and chances are this fight will
most likely and with the stoppage I
won't be surprised if it happens in the
early rounds but with that all being
said this is definitely the toughest
competition the tapas toughest fight for
Gennady golovkin now listen my opinion
I'm if you look at gennady golovkin's
where
may when who was his toughest fight so
far that the toughest fighter his foot
so far I would say in terms of coming
into a fight and everything I would say
was the Matthew Matthew Macklin fight I
mean I know Matthew Macklin didn't
really put up much of a fight but
Matthew Macklin coming into the fight he
was he had the but he had the best
resume out of all the fighters Gennady
golovkin has fought in the past but when
I when were talking about to put up a
really good fight i would say gaborova
shadow even though he was getting hit
with some clean shots here and there I
thought you got rid of Assad was doing
really good boxing Gennady golovkin but
I don't think Daniel Gil has that same
kind of level even compared to Gabriel
Rosado and even the gabber was satisfied
even though Rosado was doing really well
boxing Gennady golovkin was still
landing some punches so we'll see if
Daniel Gil can take his punches it would
be really pretty interesting if he can
man they'll be pretty cool if he can
take his punch if he gets hit with a
clean punch man they'll be pretty
interesting I don't think Daniel girl
has really much of the power to hurt
Gennady golovkin maybe I mean Daniel Gil
has has stopped a lot of like more than
half of the viruses fought in the past
so we'll see if he has the power to hurt
Gennady golovkin I mean his last fight
well his last big fight was against
Darren Barker he was able to knock down
there and Barker with the body shot so
we'll see if he lands that same body
shot to Daniel Gil I went to Gennady
golovkin well but I don't think it will
happen though I just see Gennady
golovkin just just a bull rushing him
well not necessarily bull rushing him
but just hitting him with clean heavy
punches and stopping Daniel Gil but let
me know what you guys think let me know
your thoughts in the comment section
below who do you guys think will win
this fight not stuff it's pretty much up
to say thanks for watching like Oh a sub
great day I thanks